continuing with season one of the movie
alien vs predator the producer who
released the second season of the series
in 2007.
continuing the previous part with the
image of scar's body on the spaceship to
return suddenly from his chest appeared
a hybrid pre-daily in between predator
and alien
on board the predator has a laboratory
holding many xenomorphs a predator is
studying when it is attacked from behind
the main attacker was the preed alien
it grew very quickly and began to attack
other predators on board causing the
spacecraft to lose control and crash
into a forest in gunnison colorado
these two were hunting nearby discovered
and ran closer to see a huge ship lying
there
the father said to report to the police
and then the father and son ran back as
fast as possible the xenomorphs were
freed the father fired a gun at it it
shot acid at him causing him to lose an
arm
it jumped in the face of the father and
son and started parasitizing them there
is one last predator that survived and
sent a distress signal to the planet in
the world of the predator a seasoned
veteran predator named wolf receives a
signal
wolf took his weapon boarded a ship
himself and headed to earth to hunt and
kill xenomorphs
in the town everything remained peaceful
without knowing something terrible was
about to happen
there was an ex-convict named dallas
howard who had just returned to gunnison
after serving time in prison
he was greeted by sheriff eddie morales
and drove him home to be reunited with
his brother ricky
ricky works at a pizza shop
dallas had just returned home when he
saw his brother injured and was about to
fight with a stick
turns out he'd just been beaten up by
dale's friends and thrown his car keys
down the drain
when he delivered cakes to dale's
girlfriend jesse's house
jessie is ricky's classmate and she's
also the one he has a secret crush on
dallas was able to stop ricky and the
two went together to find the key
elsewhere in town kelly was just
discharged from the army and her husband
tim and daughter molly ran out to meet
her
the family happily returned home
together
at the edge of the forest a policeman is
shining a light to find the way inside
the sewer
and he met a homeless person there
the homeless man called the dog to come
it took a human arm back the policeman
immediately called to report to chief
eddie
back to where father and son were
hunting after being attacked by
xenomorphs
he wakes up and clutches his chest a
xenomorph emerges from his chest from
the boy's chest another one came out
by this time the xenomorphs had begun to
crawl everywhere
it crawled into the sewer where the
homeless lived with two men in it
they were all attacked and parasitized
by the xenomorphs the wife went back to
find two homeless people so she was
extremely scared when she saw the scene
suddenly appeared in adult xenomorph the
wife was killed by it before she could
do anything wolf entered earth crashed
the ship into a lake in the forest and
found the place where the predator
crashed
find the last predator to say goodbye to
him
then take weapons from the dead
predators
he then activates the bomb to erase the
ship's traces as well as zenomar's
presence there
the dallas brothers opened the manhole
cover and climbed down to find the key
while ricky crept down the drain to get
his keys dallas saw something terrifying
the two brothers ran up quickly
darcy who is the wife of the man who was
killed while hunting with a lot of
people is going into the forest in
search of the father and son
after searching everywhere but couldn't
find it darcy and the police had to stop
and let the search continue tomorrow
only the policeman named ray who was
looking for the last time to the hills
meanwhile wolff went to the dead father
and son using the blue solution to erase
their traces as well as that of the
xenomorphs
ray hid in one place and witnessed it
all
suddenly there was a switchboard sound
from his radio and this made wolf
discover him
chase and kill him
the next morning eddie went to the cafe
where rey's wife carrie was working
she said that ray did not call back all
night did he have any problems
eddie and his teammates went to the
forest to find ray
they found his body hanging on a tree
they brought it back for an autopsy he
was stripped of his skin
jessie goes to ricky's place of work and
tells her that she broke up with her
boyfriend
she said that she would wait for him
tonight at the school swimming pool at
10 o'clock
in the forest wolf goes into the sewer
to find the xenomorphs uses a laser gun
to attach a wall to a matrix luring the
xenomorphs to come
they were almost defeated
only four of them survived and climbed
through the sewer and into town
wolf chased after them but couldn't keep
up
carrie and the head chef are cleaning up
at the end of the shift
kerry was going to the door when she
heard a loud crash
she went into the kitchen and saw
something terrifying
she screamed
she turned around and saw a xenomorph
standing right next to her
she was so scared that she fell to her
knees
it approached her
wolf chased a xenomorph to the town's
power plant and zanummer had already
killed one of the people who worked here
he started using the scanner to find the
xenomorph
he used a plasma gun to shoot a series
of xenomorphs causing power plants to
catch fire everywhere and causing power
outages for the entire city
at this time at ricky's school pool
jessie has been waiting for him for a
long time
they went inside together
she took off her clothes leaving only
her swimsuit
two people embrace and kiss passionately
suddenly there was a bright light
shining from outside making the girl
startle and quickly put on her clothes
four people walked in it turned out to
be her ex-boyfriend dale they dragged
ricky into the pool and drown him
while they were fighting the power went
out
from the shore a xenomorph jumped into
the pool it rushed to attack them jesse
shouted everyone ran to the shore
one of dale's friends was held by it
they ran as fast as they could into the
changing room and climbed out the window
but still stuck with one of dale's
friends ricky tried to pull him but
couldn't
he was captured by the xenomorph and
killed the rest have escaped
the zenumber was aggressively attacking
dale's friend when wolf stood from
behind holding a spear straight into its
head
wolf throws a numbers body into the lake
and dale's friend's body as well
after that he poured the blue solution
into the pool again causing it to bubble
up in the xenomorphs traces were wiped
away
in the middle of the night molly woke up
took her mother's binoculars the girl
looked out the window she saw a monster
she yelled to wake her parents up and
ran to hug her
the girl said she saw a monster but her
parents didn't believe her and told her
it was just a nightmare
tim went to the window to light the lamp
when the xenomorph rushed to attack him
kelly hugged her daughter and ran
outside quickly
the fire spread throughout the power
plant
the police rushed to order the
evacuation of people out of town and
called for help from the army
ricky and jesse dale and his friends ran
to the place
they tell eddie and dallas that they are
being chased by monsters
they went to the swimming pool but there
were no traces of monsters no corpses
only bloodstains everywhere
they quickly get to the car dallas tells
eddie to call for help
darcy goes to find kerry to take her
home
inside the house kerry was dead and
gutted she rushed out in fear
she ran to the front of eddie's car and
told him about it
eddie took her to the car
dallas says they need weapons right now
they won't be able to wait for help
eddie takes them to a sporting goods
store
they went inside and found and took
weapons to prepare to fight
kelly and mother also ran into the
sports store and met eddie's team there
the colorado army national guard also
arrived in town
but against an army of xenomorphs the
power of the human race is nothing the
weapons are no longer effective against
them at a maternity hospital pre-dalian
showed up in the newborns room
he went out into the hallway and killed
the nurse
entering the delivery room scared the
mothers
it begins to put a lot of eggs inside
the embryo of the mother to produce a
lot of xenomorphs
everyone was gathered at the sports
store when dallas was attacked by a
xenomorph
fortunately wolff arrived in time to
rescue him
everyone took their weapons and ran
outside
remaining dale was captured and wolff
shot down the zenumber but dale still
died from being splashed by its acid
wolf fights off the xenomorphs inside
at the hospital doctors are monitoring
patients when their heart rates are all
zero
he saw a horrifying scene
there was a woman who died and had a
punctured abdomen there are survivors
her belly was constantly moving many
xenomorphs emerged from her stomach an
adult xenomorph is standing in front of
the doctor and killing him
outside eddie kelly molly dallas jesse
and ricky ran to the army for
reinforcements
kelly immediately got into the military
vehicles to take out weapons for
everyone to use
eddie communicates via radio with the
military
on the other side colonel stevens
announced that an air evacuation was
being held in 30 minutes in the center
of town
dallas and kelly are suspicious because
going there will leave them surrounded
by xenomorphs
so they go with ricky jesse molly and a
few others in the tank to leave and will
get on a helicopter at the hospital to
get out of town
while sheriff eddie and darcy headed to
the evacuation zone
wolf saw the xenomorph surrounding the
hospital he went to the hospital first
kelly's group also arrived
everyone agreed to not let kelly get
hurt anyway because she is a person who
knows how to fly a plane
the hospital is now full of corpses
blood and other sticky things left by
the xenomorphs
wolf came first and is fighting a lot of
adult xenomorphs and even pre-dalian
wolfe accidentally stabs jessie as she
runs by with his shuriken weapon
ricky watched in pain as jesse died he
used a gun to repeatedly shoot at wolf's
body
before he could fight back wolf was
hugged by a predalien and jumped under
the elevator
ricky chased after him in vain then he
was pierced by a pre-dalian's tail
dallas shot it it released ricky and
left
everyone heard a loud roar and helped
ricky to run away quickly dallas was
holding the gun wolf drop
everyone ran to the roof of the hospital
to get to the helicopter when they were
stopped by many xenomorphs kelly
couldn't shoot
dallas is learning how to use wolf's new
gun he tests it and finds it terrible
meanwhile eddie has reached the
gathering place to evacuate on orders of
colonel stevens he announced over the
phone that they had arrived and were
waiting for the plane to arrive
colonel stevens said the plane was 16
kilometers away
on this side dallas was able to use
wolff's gun he drove everyone to the
helicopter first leaving him alone to
fight the xenomorphs he used his gun to
defeat many xenomorphs
kelly molly and ricky got on the
helicopter and started it up just then
wolfe went to the rooftop to see dallas
holding his gun intending to give chase
but was stopped by countless other
xenomorphs
the helicopter began to take off just in
time for dallas to climb up
a xenomorph chases them but is shot down
by ricky
the helicopter leaves leaving wolf on
the roof to fight pre-dalian
he removed his weapon took off his mask
and began to engage it
military aircraft flew to the center of
town people look up and oh no they
dropped nuclear bombs on town
instead of going on a rescue mission the
military jet mounts a tactical nuclear
strike that raises the entire city
killing wolf the predalines and the
disgusting xenomorphs the bomb causes
kelly's helicopter to crash in an open
field the survivors are rescued by the
military and dallas must surrender
wolf's plasma gun
and colonel stevens gave it to miss
yutani
so part two of the movie is over
thank you for watching and see you in
the next movie
this is the end of the movie see you in
thank you for watching the movie